This summer, witness yet another Spiderman
origin story...
Just so SONY can retain the rights to the
character
-The Amazing spider-man-
Peter Parker was just an attractive, Intelligent, Likeable, Athletic, Well-dressed
Teenaged loser
But when he easily walks into a high security lab,
one radio-active spider bite will give Peter the ability to...
Twitch like a crackhead
Break everything
Get every father figure in his life murdered
Act like a complete jerk every chance he gets.
PETER "I just did eighty percent of you your job...Huh!?"
AUNT MAY: "Who does this to you?"
PETER: "Please, please go to sleep!"
And studder worse than Shia Labuef in Transformers.
PETER "Uhm so uh you want to uh, I don't know
Just uh.
PETER: "Uhm, I don't know"
Yea, yea
PETER: "No, no, no, no, no."
GWEN STACY "I don't want to talk about that
PETER "Don't, don't, no, no, OK no, OK
"OK, OK, OK, OK, OK
PETER: "I gotta tell you this one thing. I gotta ell you this one thing
PETER: "Ike , I wish I could just..."
Embark on a romantic journey...
where the hottest girl in school falls for this creep stalker
UNCLE BEN "He's got you on his computer."
Proving that love always prevails, even when
you have gaping wounds that require immediate medical attention
Immerse yourself in the epic battle, between a hero who refuses to fight with his mask on
And a villain, with the most cliche origin story imaginable...
Who is conveniently connected to the most
important people in Peter's life
Curt Conners, that's the name of the guy in the picture with your dad
Dr. Curtis Conners, was also my daughters
mentor, is that who your talking about?
PETER PARKER "That's the one
Experience the re-retold story of an uncle who strives to find yet another way of saying "With great power, comes great responsibility
UNCLE BEN "That if you could do good things for otherpeople, you would have a moral obligation to do those things
"That's what's at stake here. Not choice...
responsibility
As well as all these other moments that you've already seen before
Like this
A lot of this
And more of this
PETER PARKER "Call an ambulance!"
NARRATOR Swing along, with the smartest teenager in
Manhattan
Who uses the myspace of search engines
And does a terrible job of hiding his secret identity
Seriously nobody thought that was odd?
Starring...
- The Not Really That Amazing Spider-
Merr, at least Kirsten Dunst wasn't in it